fix(parse/html): stop reading `{{` as an interpolation in Svelte (#11195)
biomejs/biome: .changeset/fix-svelte-double-curly.md

---
"@biomejs/biome": patch
---

> Fixed Svelte files failing to parse when an expression begins with an object literal. `{{` was read as the start of an interpolation, as it is in Vue, but Svelte has no such syntax: there the outer brace opens the expression and the inner one opens an object.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Fixed Svelte files failing to parse when an expression begins with an object literal.

Now the following snippet is correctly parsed:
```
